.TH autoperf.CONF 5 "2024" "autoperf" "System Administration"
.SH NAME
autoperf.conf \- configuration file for autoperf daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
/etc/autoperf.conf
.SH DESCRIPTION
The configuration file for autoperf daemon is in INI format and contains settings that control the behavior of CPU performance bias adjustment based on system load, temperature, and power status. The configuration is divided into sections for general settings, battery operation, and AC power operation.
.SH CONFIGURATION SECTIONS
.SS General
.TP
.B Enabled
Enable or disable the autoperf daemon (true/false).
.TP
.B SysfsPowerPath
Path to the sysfs power supply status file.
.TP
.B LogFile
Path to the log file where the daemon will write its logs.
.SS Battery
Settings that apply when running on battery power.
.TP
.B WaitBetweenUpdates
Interval in seconds between monitoring cycles.
.TP
.B CPULoadSampleInterval
Duration in seconds over which CPU load is sampled.
.TP
.B LowLoadThreshold
CPU load threshold (percentage) below which power-saving mode is applied.
.TP
.B MediumLoadThreshold
CPU load threshold (percentage) above which balanced mode is applied.
.TP
.B HighLoadThreshold
CPU load threshold (percentage) above which performance mode is applied.
.TP
.B HighTempThreshold
CPU temperature threshold (Celsius) above which power-saving mode is forced.
.SS AC
Settings that apply when running on AC power. Contains the same parameters as the Battery section.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
[General]
Enabled=true
SysfsPowerPath="/sys/class/power_supply/AC*/online"
LogFile="/var/log/autoperf.log"

[Battery]
WaitBetweenUpdates=30
CPULoadSampleInterval=10
LowLoadThreshold=30
MediumLoadThreshold=50
HighLoadThreshold=80
HighTempThreshold=75

[AC]
WaitBetweenUpdates=5
CPULoadSampleInterval=10
LowLoadThreshold=30
MediumLoadThreshold=50
HighLoadThreshold=80
HighTempThreshold=90
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR autoperf (8)
.SH AUTHOR
Ased Mammad <mammad.ased@gmail.com>
